Over the last lectures, we used a lot of features of workbox already, not only the precaching and the routing
but also the options for the routes.
Now we also got some routes we're not covering yet,
if we have a look at our old service worker,
we're not managing posts with indexedDB and we don't have that offline.html fallback.
Now I want to implement both
over the next lectures.
So let's go back to our base.js file and let's maybe start with indexedDB.
The cool thing is, since we build up on this file, we can of course write any normal service worker code
in there.
So first of all from our old file, I'll import idb and the utility.js package,
so I'll add these imports in this file too, so that we can use it here because I want to start using the indexedDB
here.
I want to start in a new route
and here I will now show you how we can configure our own handler.
First of all, let's match the URL and then we can basically take the URL from our old service worker,
here to our posts, I'll grab it and I'll match it in this new route as a string, so as an Express-like route
with .json at the end to have a full match
and now none of the default strategies fits my needs.
There is no indexedDB strategy, at least not at the point of time I'm recording this.
The cool thing is, we can write our own handler.
We can simply pass a function here which will receive some args passed in automatically by workbox and
now args gives us access to the underlying requests or to the fetch event to be precise, which
then of course also holds the request as you learned it.
So we get access to this event, even though we haven't registered our own fetch listener.
So in there, in this function, there's one thing we have to do,
we have to return a response or a promise which eventually yields a response.
So I will return and I will basically copy my code from here, where I respond with fetch.
Now I will just grab that, go to my base file and return that here too.
So now I'm returning a promise, event like that won't work,
I have to access args.event because event is wrapped in this args argument here and this args.event
now has the normal request property and now I do what I did before, I make a fetch request to it and store
it
if I get it back by first clearing my indexedDB and then writing my data and that is actually all
and then of course I return it as before.
This is now my own handler using the same logic as in our old servers worker file but now taking advantage
of workbox routing and nicely fitting in with the other routes here.
Let's see if that works,
so I'll quickly rebuild it with generate-sw to generate the updated service worker here and now with
npm start still running,
I'll again clear my storage to start fresh again, reload this page and reload again
and now let's inspect indexedDB by refreshing it,
have a look at the post store and add the posts there and you see all the posts are stored.
And now if we go offline, we actually have a fully functional application on this page.
Now background syncing won't work and so on but from a style perspective, this is all working.
Now the help page won't work
and we don't have our fallback page,
so let's work on the fallback page next.